---
title: Manage Equipment Bookings with Ease
layout: page
published: true
support: true
lead: Our new __book__ app has just been release, read on to see how you can use it make managing equipment and resources a breeze.
---

#### Introduction

Dealing with shared __equipment__, managing __resources__ and scheduled __bookings__. These tasks are always a bit of a pain. But do you really need to spend time and money on a complex new system? Google Calendar has resource booking build right in, and now there is an __even easier__ way to access it!

#### Our Approach

Built using the Google APIs, our Book app uses exactly the same data stores as Google Calendar, so you can see and manage your bookings using our [app](/book), on the [web](http://calendar.google.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"} or even [native mobile](https://www.google.com/calendar/about/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}  apps.
{:.alert .alert-success}

We have added an interface to make booking equipmnent a breeze. Users can __search__ for what they want to book, and check it's __availability__ during the day they need it. Want to group resources together? __No problems__. Want to book more than one device in a shared set? __No problems__.

#### Simplifying the Setup

If you already have [calendar resources](https://support.google.com/a/answer/1686462){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"} set up in your domain, then you can [jump straight in](/book/). Otherwise, you can create new resources in the __Google Admin Console__, or within __our app__.

You don't need to do anything else, your users can log in with their regular G-Suite account and the resources will be there, ready to book!

There is __help__ and __documentation__ available throughout the app - just look for the help buttons. For further information, have a look at our [guide](/guides/book/).

Of course, if you need further __help__ or __training__, or would like to suggest __new features__ that would work for you or your organisation - you can have a look at our [support](/support/) packages.
{:.alert .alert-info}